hey if you believe that earth is a
planet where there's no place for
mystery you might change your opinion
sound for years scientists have been
struggling to explain bizarre sounds
some repeating some heard only once that
fill the atmosphere of our planet from
bewildering hums to whirring sonic booms
and bloops yes boobs
the air is literally filled with
outlandish acoustic phenomena and most
of these sounds still leave researchers
scratching their heads
number one the up sweep this long train
of sounds was registered for the first
time in 1991 in the Pacific Ocean
one of the most unusual things about
this signal is that it keeps changing as
if trying to confuse researchers even
more thus like some unearthly howl it
varies from high to low frequencies and
then back again and you can hear it
better in the spring and fall than in
the winter in summer
but why the up sweep it's simple the
sound travels from the bottom of the
ocean towards its surface as if sweeping
up scientists have a theory explaining
this phenomenon and it's the activity of
undersea volcanoes hot lava that's
pouring into ice-cold ocean water could
theoretically create such noises but
there's no solid proof yet
number two sky quakes you don't need to
travel to a particular part of the world
to hear a sky-quake
mysterious sonic booms ramble from the
skies everywhere from the u.s. to India
and Japan interestingly this sound
phenomenon occurs mostly near the coast
or a big body of water
rattling glassware and windows and
nearby houses sky quakes could relate to
military airplanes breaking the sound
barrier except for the fact that people
started to hear the first sky quakes in
1824 anyway there are other explanations
for the mysterious booms as well for
example scientists believe that near a
coast sky quakes can be caused by huge
waves crashing against the rocks sand
dunes apparently can also be responsible
for the deafening booms other theories
include meteors entering the atmosphere
distant volcano eruptions the cracking
of the Earth's crust caused by
earthquakes and even gas bursting out of
underground vents in the sea or lake
bottom number three the sound of
apocalypse
[Music]
in different countries around the world
people have been paralyzed with fear
after hearing otherworldly trumpet
sounds that seem to be coming from the
sky the inhabitants of Russia the US
Canada Australia Germany and the
Philippines have recently heard this
hair-raising noise since it was first
recorded in 2008 until recently nobody
could understand the origin of the
sounds but these days NASA claims that
there's nothing to be afraid of the
noise could be a naturally occurring
sound from our own planet
usually it's quiet and thus inaudible to
the human ear but when it gets louder
the outcome is the very trumpet sounds
that scare people all over the world
number four
Bristol hum
[Music]
it started in the 1970s when hundreds of
Bristol's inhabitants began to complain
about a bizarre noise audible only at
night the noise was a low-level hum and
nobody could identify or trace the
source of the sounds but the strangest
thing about the noise was that one day
it stopped as abruptly as it started but
not before the people in other towns
across Britain reported hearing similar
sounds some time ago the mysterious
sound returned in 2015 a group of French
scientists claimed that they'd solved
the mystery of the Bristol hum they
stated that the culprit was ocean waves
that made the ocean floor vibrate but
well that's all good and well it didn't
explain why the sound was only around
for several years or why it chose to
return my theory well Bristol hums
because it doesn't know the words yeah
that's an old one number five the Talos
hum if you ever come to the town of Taos
in New Mexico don't let another strange
and unexplained phenomenon send you
running for the hills
this phenomenon is a faint low-frequency
home ringing in the desert air and
greeting on your nerves even stranger
only 2% of the people who live in Taos
ever hear this noise but for those who
do it's unstoppable torture on top of
that everyone describes the sound in a
different way from a quiet war to an
eerie hum or even a persistent buzz and
while some people believe that the Taos
hum is the result of unusual acoustics
and others suspect a serious case of
mass hysteria
no one has located the origin of the hum
yet number 6 the whistle
ever heard that annoying sound when a
kettle of boiling water is informing you
that it's time to make a cup of tea well
then you can imagine what the whistle
sounds like but even though it may not
be as blood-curdling as some other
unexplained sounds it doesn't make it
any less mysterious on top of that the
whistle is very elusive in 1997 only one
underwater microphone was able to pick
it up and therefore researchers didn't
manage to pinpoint the source of the
noise the most likely cause of the
unusual sound is an eruption of one of
the submarine volcanoes but once again
scientists don't have enough proof to
make sure number seven the bloop let's
admit it the nickname of this noise
sounds far less scary than the thing
really is it mimicked the noise created
by marine animals but its volume was so
great that no living creature known to
science could have made it when the
bloop occurred underwater microphones
managed to record it from a distance of
a whopping 3,000 miles away
one of the most powerful and famous
unexplained sounds on our planet the
bloop was recorded in 1997 by the US
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration and continued for
approximately one minute it started as a
low Rumble and gradually rose in
frequency rumor has it that the noise
could be connected with the fictional
half octopus monster whose name I can't
pronounce but will try to sue who or
some other colossal deep-sea creature
with an easier name but if you don't
believe in monsters science has another
explanation
iceberg fracturing the thing is that ice
quakes recorded in the Scotia Sea
resemble the mysterious blue a bit too
much number eight
slow down you move too fast I never mind
for the first time slowdown was recorded
on May 19 1997 not far from the
Antarctic
Peninsula sensors that were located
almost 3,100 miles apart managed to
detect this sound the noise got it's
curious name because it usually lasts
for about seven minutes gradually
decreasing in frequency over the years
this sound repeated in the same region
and it made researchers believe that
drifting icebergs that hit the seafloor
and came to a screeching halt could be
the source of the weird phenomena on the
other hand there are again those who
blame a giant squid for scaring people
with such sound effects number nine the
loneliest whale this sound is often
called 52 Hertz whale because the animal
that creates it calls at an unusual
frequency for these creatures 52 Hertz
when you listen to this noise it sounds
like a low bass note at the same time
it's much higher than the normal
frequency of a whale call which
registers between 10 and 40 Hertz
interestingly scientists have been
listening to the world's lonely as whale
for decades but haven't managed to
figure out its precise location nobody
knows whether the mammal is male or
female what its species is or if the
animal is still alive after all its call
was recorded for the last time in 2004
aw number 10 Julia
when you first hear this noise you might
think that someone's whining or cooing
at a distance the eerie sound was first
heard on March 1st 1999 and it was so
loud that the whole underwater
microphone network of the equatorial
Pacific Ocean was able to record it
scientists claimed that the sound could
be made by an Antarctic iceberg that ran
aground
but then what size must this iceberg be
it creates so much noise number eleven
storms of Jupiter as NASA's Juno
spacecraft was approaching its
destination Jupiter on July 4th 2016 it
recorded a bizarre mixture of roaring
and screeching sounds this cacophony
wouldn't stop for more than two hours
the amount of time it took Juno to cross
the boundary of the planets super strong
magnetic field astronomers think that
the sounds could be generated by
supersonic winds coming from the Sun or
the collision of Jupiter's magnetic
fields however these theories are yet to
be proved what about you Juno yeah me
neither
number 12 a singing blackhole not only
have astronomers confirmed that black
holes can sing but they've actually
found one that's been doing it for two
billion years it's a supermassive black
hole located approximately 250 million
light-years away from our planet
scientists say that the black hole has
been performing the longest-lasting
symphony known to us humans and this
symphony is being played at the lowest
note in the universe at that and if
there's that much gravity well I'll bet
that note B flat well what about you
have you ever heard bizarre sounds you
couldn't explain let me know down in the
comments now if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share it with a friend but hey don't
be flat just yet we have over 2,000 cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life